Create bricekams.md (#88)
osscameroon/osscameroon-blog: content/post/contributors/bricekams.md

---
title: "Brice Kams"
date: 2022-02-19T13:01:54+01:00
authors: ["Brice Kams"]
---

> Hi, am Brice Kams, i'm learning code to be a great softwware developper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi, I am Brice Kams, I'm learning code to be a great software developer.
```

Author: Oh tanks

Reviewer: https://github.com/osscameroon/osscameroon-blog/pull/90#discussion_r867314348

Author: thanks again.
